Great. So, here's some starter code to implement f given
s. The prediction given the particular subset of features that we're going to use.
So, it's taking as input the tree,
and it's of the same class as the tree wrapper that we just defined.
S will be the set of integers representing
the features that are used to train that model,
and lowercase x is
the sample observation on which to calculate the prediction of the model.
So, we have starting node is going to be
the root node and the starting weight is going to be one.
You can see that in the algorithm itself,
I'm going back to the paper.
You can see here,
when it calls that recursive algorithm for the first time,
is passing in one comma one.
In this case, this is representing the root node,
but in the code is going to be the root node is zero,
and one is the starting weight.
So, back to the code. So, we're defining traverse tree.
So, this is the procedure G that we saw in
the algorithm is taking in the node and also a weight.
The first thing is we're going to implement this part.
So, if the node is a leaf, then do something.
In that's multiply the weight times the node prediction.
So, we had actually defined a prediction function inside that tree wrapper,
and we're implementing going back to the paper,
we're implementing this line right here,
weight times the prediction.
Next, is else if it's an internal node, what do we do?
So, first of all,
let's go over what these are doing right here.
This is grabbing some values that we're
going to use when we implement the rest of these if-else statements.
First of all, look at here it says feature that's split into four node i.
So, this is grabbing the feature that was split at a particular node.
So, this is going to be returning an integer,
and then we're saying that for the sample input lowercase x,
grab the value for that particular feature.
So, we start out here. Next, we're getting
the threshold that was used for splitting at node i.
So, we're going to be comparing the feature value to that threshold,
and we're also grabbing the left and right child nodes,
the integers representing the left and right child.
So, first, if feature index is in S,
so if that means if the feature is in
this subset of the features that we're going to be using in this case,
then implement these right here.
So, if the feature value is less than or equal to the threshold,
then going to the left subtree,
otherwise go into the right subtree.
So, this part of the code is implementing,
if I go back to the algorithm,
is implementing this right here.
So, this is the case when the feature is in the subset S,
check the threshold, and use the threshold
to decide whether we go to the left subtree or the right subtree.
So, now, let's look at this else section.
So, if the feature is not in the subset S, then what do we do?
We have to pretend that the feature was not used for splitting in this tree.
So, the two is saying traverse the left subtree,
and update the weight to be the current weight
times the proportion of samples in a left-child node.
So, might help to look at the algorithm.
We're implementing this part actually right here,
only this part right here.
So, we make a recursive call passing the left child,
but notice here we're taking the weight from node i
and we're scaling it by this fraction,
this proportion of training samples that are in the left
node relative to the current parent node node j.
So, that's what we want to implement here.
This is very similar do the same thing for the right subtree and in the algorithm,
we are implementing this right here,
and once you're done, add them together.
So, last part is just add them together.
Great. So, please do take your time,
this is quite fun to implement.
So, you can either try doing it yourself or go-ahead work the starter code,
and when you're done, please check out the solution.